Improve testing workflow (#68)
trunk-io/plugins: tests/readme.md

> npm run test ${path_to_linter_subdir}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm test ${path_to_linter_subdir}
```

- `PLUGINS_TEST_CLI_PATH` specifies an alternative path to a trunk binary

> - `PLUGINS_TEST_LINTER_VERSION` specifies a linter version semantic (KnownGoodVersion | Latest |

Reviewer: Now that I actually read this... this is a bit confusing, because this propagates to every single linter test running. In other words, if I do

```
PLUGINS_TEST_LINTER_VERSION=1.4.4 npm test
```

It applies 1.4.4 to every linter we're testing, and not just sqlfluff.

I think if we use a schema where we use snapshot names to define the test cases, that will solve this problem.

Author: Not sure I follow. Let's discuss

  version)

> - `PLUGINS_TEST_NEW_SNAPSHOT` if "true" tells tests to use an exact match of the linter version when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PLUGINS_TEST_UPDATE_SNAPSHOTS` if "true" tells tests to use an exact match of the linter version when
```

Author: For future: If PLUGINS_TEST_LINTER_VERSION is version, add todo for make sure only run with one test

Author: Also todo: callout -u/our behavior for the flag
